so you'd like to learn how to hit a draw
shot but first of all you need to
understand a few basic rules very
importantly it's the clubface which
controls the starting direction of the
shot so for a draw you'd want the ball
to start a little bit a little bit to
the right side of the pin or right side
of the fairway at impact the clubface
must be aligned to where you want the
ball to start a little bit to the right
of your target
it's the swing path which will control
the shape of the shot so for a ball to
move from right to left in the air the
swing direction or your swing path must
be more to the right side than the
clubface I put a few numbers and those
to help you let's say your clubface is
five degrees to the right of the target
your swing path must be 10 degrees to
the right of the target this will
produce the ball that starts to the
right and then draws back towards your
target or you get to these numbers
doesn't really matter many players will
achieve these in different ways but if I
assume that you have a fairly neutral
swing one that's on on plane with a
reasonably square clubface the easiest
way to achieve this at impact is by
adjusting your setup hi hi I would head
a draw is that a setup I align my
clubface to where I want the ball to
start a little bit to the right side of
the pin in this case and then I align my
body more to the right than the clubface
in the direction I want to swing and
simply by maintaining this throughout
the swing making my normal swing the
ball will start to the right and draw
back towards the target
you